Second uncle, it is indeed you.
So, our family has gone bankrupt.
All thanks to you.
Eldest niece, what did you say?
Didn't I say that before?
What happened to the company was purely an accident.
All in all, your parents took it upon themselves, and they are not as good as human beings. Shut up.
You did all these things tonight just to force me out, right?
Not necessarily. In fact, we guessed it was you early on.
Tonight is just about accepting the results.
Speaking of which, can you marry into the Jiang family?
I just couldn't bear it for a while.
Let you hide in the Jiang family, His Majesty's village master
I didn’t expect you two to see eye to eye.
So I have to thank you
Big egg, you have a good wife.
I know we are coming today
Just wanted to confirm
Who is the person who wants revenge?
Do you want to avenge her?
Do you believe it or not?
Just me
I can pull you all down.
Then we are on the right track
Second uncle has a disappointing question
In that car accident twenty years ago, we were a family of three
I originally made an appointment with you to go make friends together.
But you were feeling unwell on the day of the announcement
As a result, our family of three drove your car
An accident occurred
do you want to ask
I want to know 20 years ago
You already knew that car
There will be an accident, right?